Included with this assignment is a CSV file ("PersonnelEntries.csv  Download PersonnelEntries.csv") containing 100000 assorted entries for the hypothetical personnel members at a fictional university.  A member can fall into one of three categories:  students, staff, and faculty.  The following is true for the members of these groups:

 All three groups have a name and a social security number, both of which are strings, and a gender field, which is a char.
 Students have a floating point field for gpa and an integer field for year (e.g., 1 for freshman, 2 for sophomore, etc).
 Staff and faculty have a string field for position and a double field for salary.
 Staff have an additional integer field for accrued vacation leave.
 Faculty have an additional rank field indicating their job title (e.g., professor, associate professor, lecturer)
In Java, write a program, PersonnelTracker.java, that reads in the .csv file from the same working directory.  It should be able to parse each line of input and determine which group it belongs to.  Your implementation should use inheritance for the definition of the groups.

Once your program has read the file, it should create the following output files in the same working directory:

1. "Answers.txt" file containing the following output with <value> replaced by the answer

The number of students is : <value>
The number of staff is : <value>
The number of faculty is : <value>
The number of female students is : <value>
The average female student's GPA is : < value>
The number of female students with a 4.0 GPA is : <value>
The number of male students is : <value>
The average male student's GPA is : < value>
The number of male students with a 4.0 GPA is : <value>
2. "Students.csv" containing the students from PersonnelEntries.csv sorted by Social Security Number (least to greatest).

3.  "Faculty.csv" containing the faculty from PersonnelEntries.csv sorted by Salary (least to greatest).

4.  "Staff.csv" containing the staff from PersonnelEntries.csv sorted by number of vacation days (least to greatest, using Social Security Number as a tie-breaker).

Your submission should include your program, not the output files nor PersonnelEntries.csv file.  You will be graded on your appropriate use of inheritance and the correctness of the output files generated by your program.

Don't forget to put your name and netId in a comment at the top of your PersonnelTracker.java file.  Please submit a jar file named, PersonnelTracker.jar, with your java source code file(s) and any class file(s). A sample execution of your program might be:

java -jar PersonnelTracker.jar

Two addendums:

1.  To make it easier on the GTAs for grading, please output the floating numbers as follows:

gpa - to the thousandths place

salaries - to the hundredths place

2.  For two points extra credit:  there has been multiple cases of identity theft in this hypothetical database at this fictional university.  If you can identify how many identities are involved, who they are, and why those people have been identified as committing identity theft, then for two points extra credit submit your answers in a bonus.pdf file with your homework submission.

 